[MUSIC PLAYING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER):
New York City,
the only home I've ever known.
I used to feel small
and insignificant
among the skyscrapers,
but not anymore.
Today, when I stop at
my favorite storefront
and check my reflection
in the mirror,
it's clear I've changed.
That's me, Harry.
And as you can see,
I'm hopelessly in love.
Why do of people say hopelessly?
I'm hopeful.
I could not be more
full of hope and love.
Who is the object
of my love, you ask?
The apple of my juice?
Most people would call
her my babysitter.
But I call her Lila,
goddess of my dreams.
She lifts me up when
I'm down, carries me
when the pressures of
life become too great,
gives me a push when I need.
We are soul mates.
I know it.
She knows it.
And soon the world will
know it, because today
I will profess my love for her.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There you are.
Hi, honey.
I brought you something.
Look, Harry, college
is coming up.
And, well, I think
you're the best.
And nothing can
ever change that.
But I'm going away.
And I can't be your
babysitter anymore.
I'm really excited.
And I want you to be
excited about it too.
We get do new, fun
things that we wouldn't
have gotten [INAUDIBLE].
But I'll always
remember you, Harry.
[WIND BLOWING]
[BANG]
HARRY (VOICEOVER): For a brief
moment of groggy morning bliss,
I forget my pain.
But with daylight,
sorrow floods my heart,
and sometimes my diaper.
Nothing looks familiar.
Maybe seeing my reflection
in my favorite storefront
will remind me I'm alive.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
LILA: Hi, this is Lila.
I can't come to the
phone right now.
So leave a message and
I'll call you back.
[BEEP]
LILA: Hey, it's Lila.
I've only got this phone
for a few more days.
So leave a message.
I will call you back
with my new area code.
[BEEP]
WOMAN: We're sorry.
The number you have reached
has been disconnected
or is no longer in service.
HARRY (VOICEOVER): I'm not
the first heartbroken New
Yorker to turn to the bottle.
But even that's no comfort.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER): Why are
black and white movie so sad?
Why does the girl
always leave in the end?
[THUNDER]
[RAIN FALLING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER): It's spraying
everywhere but in my heart.
I will never love again.
I'm still an empty shell, just
like that empty storefront--
wait a minute.
What's this?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER): I love Zoey.
And, yet, sometimes
I feel anxious.
Can I handle the responsibility
of taking care of not just
myself, but her too?
Did we commit too quickly?
Are we, as some have
whispered, too young?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER): I
promised myself never again.
But there are things
Zoey can't do for me,
like reach the top shelf.
I wonder what she'll be like.
Will she make me feel
the way I used to feel?
Will she stay?
Will I finally sleep in
this city that never sleeps,
feeling safe and secure?
[BUZZING]
HARRY (VOICEOVER):
And, most importantly,
will Zoey like her?
Because I now know what I
wish I'd known all along.
You can't fall for
your babysitter.
They take care of you.
But they come and
go, like buses.
Only true love lasts a
lifetime, at least ours has.
But what do we know?
We're new to this world.
We're babies.
[MUSIC PLAYING]